added ideas around JSON schemas (#71)
oauthstuff/draft-oauth-rar: main.md

One option would be to have a mechanism allowing the registration of extension modules, each of them responsible for rendering the respective user consent and any transformation needed to provide the data needed to the resource server by way of structured access tokens or token introspection responses.

> ## Use of JSON Schemas
> 
> Products might allow deloyments to use JSON Schemas [@JSON.Schema] for defining authorization details types and validating authorization details objects against such schemas. In this case, the JSON schema id could be used as `type` value in the respective authorization details.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use of Machine-readable Type Schemas

Products might allow deployments to use machine-readable schema languages for defining authorization details types to facilitate creating and validating authorization details objects against such schemas. For example, if an authorization details `type` were defined using JSON Schemas [@JSON.Schema], the JSON schema id could be used as `type` value in the respective authorization details objects.

Note however that `type` values are identifiers understood by the AS and, to the extent necessary, the client and RS. This specification makes no assumption that a `type` value point to a machine-readable schema format, or that any party in the system (such as the client, AS, or RS) dereference or process the contents of the `type` field in any specific way. 
```

<reference anchor="CSC" target="https://cloudsignatureconsortium.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/07/CSC_API_V1_1.0.4.0.pdf">
  <front>

>     <title>JSON Schema</title>

Reviewer: I don't think this change was intentional, was it?

```suggestion
    <title>Architectures and protocols for remote signature applications</title>
```
